add more env var config for postgres (#5365)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: docs/reference/cli.md

`QW_DISABLE_TELEMETRY=1 quickwit help`

### QW_POSTGRES_SKIP_MIGRATIONS

> Don't run database migrations (but verify migrations were run succesfully before, and no unknown migration was run).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't run database migrations (but verify that migrations were run successfully before and that no unknown migration was run).
```

### QW_POSTGRES_SKIP_MIGRATION_LOCKING

> Don't lock the database during migration. This may increase compatiblity with altenrative databases using the postgres wire protocol. It is dangerous

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't lock the database during migration. This may increase compatibility with alternative databases using the PostgreSQL wire protocol. However, it is dangerous to use this if you can't guarantee that only one node will run the migrations.
```
